[doc] joda migration guide to v8 (#60506)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_8_0/java_time.asciidoc

//NOTE: The notable-breaking-changes tagged regions are re-used in the
//Installation and Upgrade Guide

//tag::notable-breaking-changes[]

// end::notable-breaking-changes[]

> [discrete]
> [[breaking_80_java_time_changes]]
> === Replacing Joda-Time with java time

Reviewer: If we move this under the mapping changes, we won't need a new heading.

If you decide to keep the heading, I'd rename so it follows the pattern used for other breaking changes
```suggestion
[discrete]
[[breaking_80_date_format_changes]]
=== Date format changes
```

Author: will move to a mapping changes

> All indices created in {es} 7 are already using java-time so nothing needs to be done.
> However indices created in {es} 6 with joda-time patterns need to be reindexed with
> an updated mappings
> 
> [discrete]
> ==== Migration guide
> For a detailed migration guide, see <<migrate-to-java-time>>.
> 
> include::migrate_to_java_time.asciidoc[]

Reviewer: Rewords the section and updates it to use the standard breaking changes format.
Because breaking changes are re-used in our Stack Guides, we need to use
the external link syntax instead of internal xrefs.

```suggestion
//tag::notable-breaking-changes[]
.Java-time date formats replace joda-time formats
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
In 7.0, {es} switched from joda time to java time for date-related parsing,
formatting, and calculations. Indices created in 7.0 and later versions are
already required to use mappings with java-time date formats. However, 
earlier indices using joda-time formats must be reindexed to use
mappings with java-time formats.

*Impact* +
For a detailed migration guide, see {ref}/migrate-to-java-time.html.
====

// end::notable-breaking-changes[]
```
